vite plugin configuration docs (#21137)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/static-assets/index.mdx

</WranglerConfig>

> :::note
> With some build/development tools, including the [Cloudflare Vite plugin](/workers/vite-plugin/), you do not need to specify `assets.directory`. This field is functionally equivalent to the build output folder.
> :::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
If you are using the [Cloudflare Vite plugin](/workers/vite-plugin/), you do not need to specify `assets.directory`. For more information about using static assets with the Vite plugin, refer to the [plugin documentation](/workers/vite-plugin/reference/static-assets/).
:::

```

By default, if a requested URL matches a file in the static assets directory, that file will always be served — without running Worker code. If no matching asset is found and a Worker is configured, the request will be processed by the Worker instead.

> - If no Worker is set up, the [`not_found_handling`](/workers/static-assets/routing/#not_found_handling-1) setting in your Wrangler configuration determines what happens next. By default, a `404 Not Found` response is returned.

Author: ```suggestion
- If no Worker is set up, the [`not_found_handling`](/workers/static-assets/routing/#2-not_found_handling-1) setting in your Wrangler configuration determines what happens next. By default, a `404 Not Found` response is returned.
```
